DOC-3147: TinyMCE 8.0.0 Release notes and community changelog. (#3734)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/partials/misc/ui-languages.adoc

[[supported-languages]]
== Supported Languages

[IMPORTANT]
====

> From {productname} 8.0, language codes use RFC5646 format with hyphens (-) instead of underscores (_). For backward compatibility, both formats are supported in {productname} 8, but underscore format will show console warning.

Author: ```suggestion
From {productname} {productmajorversion}, language codes use RFC5646 format with hyphens (-) instead of underscores (_). For backward compatibility, both formats are supported in {productname} {productmajorversion}, but underscore format will show console warning.
```
